I want you to explore the menus and options presented to the user under each of exposure / detail / color / advanced / selective editing / transform / raw / metadata. for each, I want you to locate 
options which are overly technical and devise how to redesign the existing menu structures for each to hide those over-complciated options in advanced drop-down menus inside of each of a given tabs submenus For example 
with exposure, Clip out of gamut colors, Highlt reconstruction, the clip% should be hidden under an advanced drop-down and auto levels should still be there as it is important for users. Another example is in 
framing sizing/basis/ limit minimum size could be hidden under an advacned drop down, and the min width / min height could be hidden if it wasnt checked too, those kinds of patterns. 
^TRIED ONCE

When users right click images in the thumbnail preview at the top of the editor or in file explorer add to that context menu the ability to apply ai denoise, to apply auto image edits like exposure too

Users should be able to visually see selective edits in the view for each of the spots they've added, what that area is actually affecting so when we use AI masking it can show a preview of what area is being detected as the masked area correctly.

Add in auto-level to images, which should also be accessible from the right-click context menu.

Add in AI sifting through images to tell which are out of focus or completely white/black


In Exposure - move the auto button to be above the slider and centered as a button that just says 'auto' and remove
  the Clip % / +/- and the reset button. Remove the duplicative highlights, and strength up/down from the tools under
  exposure and tone. Under Detail move LC Radius, Local Contrast, Luminance, Chrominance - Master, ISO Conditioning,
  Blend to Advanced. Under Effects. Move the 'set haldcut directory in prefrences' to be over the drop-down button if
  it is returning no results so it takes up less space in the UI. Move inversional color space, reference exponent,
  red ratio, blue ratio, pick neutral spots, L*a*B settings all into advanced. Move the Black & white button from
  Advanced to the top of Exposure, and make it so users click it to enable B&W for the photo and from that same button
  can drop down to select desat / luminance equalizer / channel mixer to change the method. Make sure the Camera
  drop-down is above ADvanced, and make sure the frommetadata/auto-selection and File have more descriptive tool names
  as its hard to tell what they do currently.
  
  
  from the bottom toolbar move the relative colometric and the button to the left of it with the DCI-P3 content and all that jazz to be stored in the options dropdown in the top toolbar. each should be their own nested drop-down in that menu with their existing options.
 also  move the highlight pixesl without out of gamut colors and soft-proofing buttons also to be in the otpions menu drop down from the top toolbar, and   from the top bar merge the preview red/blue/green/luminosity channels to be in the options menu drop-down from the top tool-bar - it should be its own nested drop-down in that menu with the existing options.
  
  
  move the rating options / color / add to queue button from the top filmstrip in the editor view to be along the top toolbar below the filmstrip centered along its width. 
remove the dedicated Trash / Checkmark  buttons from the filmstrip each photo itself and make sure theyre accessible by right clicking a photo in the filmstriup.

  
add a filter button to the top of the UI which when pressed drops down a bar below the top toolbar to allow users to filter based on tagged color, stars, and other potentially relevant EXIF or editing METADATA...

  to the places / recent folders and folders side panel i want you to mvoe the + button to be to the left of recent folders, make it smalelr and not have a box around it (create a custom svg for it) remove the - button and instead just have users right click a place to remove it from the list. reorganize the recent folder dropdown 
  to have the label inside the drop-down itself and make it vertically more compact and remove the label which is currently to the left of the drop-down. i want you to scale down the text size of folders, and make the header / 
  sort button be more vertically compact too. to the left of the little drop-down arrow on the folders view i want you to add a button which opens the users file brwoser to choose a specific folder that way


on the top toolbar on the brwoser page change the +/- zoom buttons to instead be a zoom slider which increases/decreases thumbnail size. remove the hand button from showing ni the top right, and only display the turn/flip buttons if the user has clicked on an iamge. change the find: text to instead say search inside of the actual saerch box and make sure its veritcally aligned in the box 

 
 For the right panel on the File Browser View I need you to remove the : after thingsl ike Aperture, and make sure the Boxes themselves are more vertically compact, and appear to the right of a given option not extending down below it.
Create a new theme called 'Rem' Theme which is themed after this character [image]

Make sure the Snapshots functionality is in our Options drop-down and spawns a modal window for it
  
  can u add an 'add to album' button to the right of queue along the top bar (create a new svg for this), and make
  sure there is a friendlier heading than ALBUM_HEADER for the list of albums? Allow users to click a below albums
  to create a new album - plan out how to make this good and robust, when users click on an album it should show a
  full view of that album over the editor pane, let people put albums in folders they creaet too, and make smart
  folders with rules like specific >star criteria or other EXIF data. image attached for inspiration
  
  
   in the editor view center the left / right and synchronize buttons which are on the bottom toolbar and make them slightly smaller, create new better svgs for these. make sure the collapse right sidebar button is on the right too.

  To the editors tools in the tool gruops fix text getting truncated with ... we should nver truncate tool name. Fix
  the WB ":" wrapping to the new line b y removing it, and make the WB selecter button not so wide like the B&W
  button, and remove the 'click eyedropper or + to add a color target text from the UI, and remvoe the empty grey bar
  which displays whatever the selected color target is from the UI as its duplicative and taking up space.
 in the editor view under color for the HSV the color mixer buttons are just thin slits without colored circles to dinciate which colors theyre for, please add in colored circles for each of the Color adjusters. and remove the dark square in css around shadows/mids/highs wheels and reduce the padding bt their lables and the actual wheels
  
    To the queue page, make the slider to enable queue be a button that says 'Export Queue' instead. and remove the : for use teamplate/save/fileformat /subsampling, make the default option save to folder and be the top-option as well.
 remove the 'select a thumbnail to preview its destination path header here' but keep the functionality. Make the buttons for each of those output locations/fileformat much shorter horizontally 


After we have selected one album or folder of photos it is very slow to switch to the next album or folder the user has selected, especially if they have 100s or tyhousands of photos in the album. Clicking that
new folder will take forever for the filmstrip to load, and kind of freeze the folder pane too. 
  
  Vertically reduce the size of Places and folders so albums has like 300px more height in the UI on the left sidebar., you can take more away from Folders and Places. Vertically Center/align the Folders/Places/Albums headers andmake
them all the same font size and font - make sure these edits are consistent across brwoser and editro views.

 in the editor view  under exposure and tone we should have a curve editor where users can adjust an overall point Curve, and an RGB point curve [add iamge from LR]
 
   To the tool groups in the editor on the right sidebar I want you to reduce their vertical size, reduce the text size, and vertically align the tool group label with the > to its left, and remove the ---- dividing line separating tool groups.


  in the editor view to detail I want you to add back in our AI Denoise button running on RawRefinery
  
  to the filmstrip view in the editor make it 30px less tall and remove the vertical scrollbar on the right side from ever appearing, also remove the duplicative css bar below the actual toolbar which is making the UI slightly taller 
than it needs to be.


when the UI is fullscreen make sure we stil ldisplay the top toolbar so users can minimize/view options, switch windows.



In the editor view remove the unncessary --- dividing tool subgroups and only keep them bt major changes in tools like bt mixer/grading/wb in color or all the exposure and light settings and the sharpness curve 

in the editor view add to the camera toolgroup tools to adjust chromatic aberration, lens profiles, and defringing and a lens blur tool with a  drop down which allows you to configure an addiitional blur / bokeh / cat eye/ focus range leveraging depth.


In the editor view add a sort button with custom SVG (use the sort svg in right click context menu) for the filmstrip images, and in the browser in albnum views add in a sort for images as well. include options like filetype,date,rank,colorlabel like the right click options.

In crop, straight line select, reset, and perspective buttons are still being pushed off to the right side of the right panel, move the select straight line to be to the left of the crop button, and move perspective in to the left. and move the reset button in to the elft too.


in the editor pane To crop move up the ratio selection dropdown out of the collasped part of Crop and make sure  when selected it correctly crops the photo view.

In the right click menu on a photo add custom svg icons for all options.

Make the exposure and tone sliders wider overall

In perspective remove the 'perspective' word from the lable its redundant at thatp oint, and remove the automatic label and buttons.

In the Masking pane for each Mask Type / Class / Shape create a new SVG Icon for them and display it to the left of the label in the dropdown. Also Create an SVG Icon for Spot Removal and Masking


In color for Saturation and Virbance make sure they are not tied to eachother, sautraion is grayed out right now. Move Vibrance and Saturation to be under tint instead of under the WB button.


Ok. for exposure and tone I want you to ad above the auto button a slider which shows several thumbnail previews of
  the image horizontally. this auto button should allow users to drag a vertical | slider left/right and automatically
  adjust the image. the preview should depict that image at those various levels of adjustment. the way the slider
  should adjust the image values is the following: when moving left of the center brilliance (new effect) will go to
  .8 at the maximum value to the left, exposure -.2, highlights -.8, shadows .56, birghtness -.75, contrast .47,
  blacks .06, when to the right brilliance shoudl be .8, exposure -.15, highgliths -.5, shadows .58, brightness .4,
  contrast .61, black point 0, these values should scale according to the image data tiself. You should implement this
  in a scalable and expert way with a beautiful UI implementation with pill corners for the horizontal thumbnail
  previews (which should be smoothly overlapping in a line in one row)
  
  In Color for WB fix the WB buttons appearing in the center when dropped down they should appear below the WB button, fix the temperatrue text truncation. Vertically align the Temperature, Tint, Vibracne and Saturation sliders - currently the tint is a bit off from the rest of them. 

  Under WB remove the color picker to the left side of the pick size button, move the pic ksize button to be to the right of the locakble color picekr along wit the revert button so theyre all on one row, make the pick size button wayyy less wide.


add pagination for the major tools (color mixer, grading, point color) in color instead of drop downs. have a little orb icon for each choice which users can click, add an animation for changing bt them and for the paginations orb icons changing, make them decently tightly padded together.

In color for black and white can you add sliders to adjust Neutrals / Tone / Strength of the B&W effect which appear when the drop-down is expanded? The preview slider should adjust these as well.

Under Detail fix the truncation of Sharpening/Luminance/Chromin..., Make the Sharpening Radius / Chromin Dropdowns like Grain is under effects so only Sharpening and Luminance are visible at first


For the AI Denoise button under Detail make sure it has an expansio nanimation

  Add a list of different film sims (including one specifically desined to emulate Kodachrome without referencing it by name), plan out how to add to the effects drop-down tab in the edit pane as many different and varied and nuanced film simulations as possible, be innovative and unique with your implementation to emulate a real film
  look which would imrpess experts - do NOT use identical names to fuji film sims but invent unqiue new ones. also add in a cool 'custom film sim' which allows users to configure all of the parameters for a film sim and create their own custom ones.

add a short initial startup animation whcih shows the steep logo in the center of a blank pane, then has the background fade out to expose the browser view as the images and sidepanel moves in. the nackground fade animation should be a digital topopgrahy animation 


In the Curves component under exposure and tone make it so u can see all the R G B channels on the curves preview and overall separately on the base view, and also click into each still with the colored label at the top to edit them specifically.

In the Masks pane change the Add Mask / Add AI Mask to be a + and + AI button, remove the Mask Shape / Mask Feathering and just make them say Shape / Feathering. Have the dropdown show the words for what is currently selected to the right of 
the shape/type/class for a dropdown.

move the copy edit settings cog to t he right of copy settings to be a different unique custom svg and have it be like inset to the right of that button


add in an additional adjustment mode with a new svg icon to perspective in the crop menu which should allow users to click or shift-click dot grid vertices on the image in the editing pane either one or shift/ctr-click to select many at a time which allows the user to selectively drag and drop to adjust the persepctive of those sets of vertices 
selected on the image.

The color grading wheels themselves do not seem to have an effect on the image. the sliders do.
  
  add an open/close animations to the folders in the folder pane and to the albums in the album pane below it
  
  If filters are expanded when users switch to edit view, make sure filters are collapsed otherwise they will be overlapping on the filmstrip view. also make the filter button on the edit pane match
the filter button on the browser view, and have the clear filter icon be the filter button on the browser pane with a red X in its bottom-right corner for both pages.


in effects add in a tilt-shift effect which has a ui which allows users to adjust the width/depth of the tilt-shift effect in the image easily and configure the blur / featheirn details via slders hidden in a drop-down under the
tilt-shift effect name like other buttons.

remove 'gradient' from an effect under the effects list in edit pane as we have gradients in masking now.

Add a label above the Film Simulations tool and make the default have the box be unchecked and checking the box enables film sims to be running on the image.

make sure if user sets anything in masking/spot removal that we add the dirty detector X to allow users to easily clear out any settings applied to the right of those toolgrup headers like on edit pane.

vertex grid tool in the crop pane in edit is not currently adjusting the perspective of the image around those vertices when those grid vertices are moved. also make sure clicking on the tool again disables the view of the tool, and there should be an x populated by the perspective / crop toolgruops when there are values
to clear out.
  
  /\/\/\ DONE /\/\/\








  
  
  
  \/\/\/ IDK IF WE DO THESE \/\/\/



Add AI Upscale




  

Create an SVG Icon for feathering and add it to the left of wherever there is feathering 

